? 3 Time's Judgement "Counter Attack Negate the attack. Then, you may place 2 cards from your hand in the Drop Area. If you do so, add this card to your hand."
4 Time Control Chronoa "Deflect (This card isn't affected by Counter Play skills)
 Auto When you play this card, draw 1 card, and your opponent may not play Battle Cards from their hand with the skills of cards with Super Combo for the duration of the game."
4 Tokitoki, Time Creator "Deflect (This card isn't affected by Counter Play skills)
Auto When you play this card, you may place it on the top of your deck. If you do so, choose up to 1 black Battle Card with 3000 power from your deck and play it, then shuffle your deck."
5 Dragon Ball Seeker Bulma "Activate MainOnce per turn Choose up to 1 Dragon Ball card from your deck and place it in your Drop Area, then shuffle your deck."
? 5 Kami, Global Unifier "Deflect (This card isn't affected by Counter Play skills.)
Auto When you play this card, draw 1 card.
Activate Maintwo, your opponent has 4 or more Battle Cards in play : Choose all of your and your opponent's Battle Cards with energy costs of 4 or less ignoring Barrier and KO them."
? 5	Dende, New to the Job "Deflect (This card isn't affected by Counter Play skills.)
Auto When you play this card, draw 1 card.
Activate Maintwo, place this card in your Drop Area : If your opponent placed a card in their energy using a skill during this game, choose 1 of your opponent's energy and place it in its owner's Drop Area."
5 Power Burst "Counter Attack Your Leader Card is black : Negate the attack, then choose up to 1 black Battle Card from your Drop Area or Warp with an energy cost of 1 and add it to your hand.
PermanentSparking 5 (This skill takes effect when you have 5 or more cards in your Drop Area.) You can activate this card's Counter skill from your hand by adding a card from your life to your hand instead of paying its energy cost."
5 Dragon Radar "Activate Main Choose one-
・Look at up to the top 7 cards of your deck, choose up to a total of 2 Dragon Ball or 《Desire》 cards and add them to your hand, then shuffle your deck.
・Choose up to a total of 2 Dragon Ball or 《Desire》 cards from your Drop Area and add them to your hand."
PR Dangerous Journey Bulma "Auto When you play this card, if your Leader Card is a 《Shenron》 card, choose up to 3 Battle Cards with energy costs of 3 or more in your Drop Area, shuffle them into your deck, and draw 1 card."
4 Gravy, in Demigra's Thrall "Auto When you attack or combo with this card, if your Leader Card is black, choose up to 2 cards in your Warp and place them in your Drop Area."
5 Adventurous Son Goku "Auto When this card attacks, choose up to 1 Dragon Ball card from your deck and place it in your Drop Area, then shuffle your deck. If you placed a Dragon Ball card in your Drop Area, this card gets +10000 power and Double Strike (This card inflicts 2 damage instead of 1 when attacking.) for the duration of the turn."
BS2 Supreme Kai of Time, Continuity Keeper "Auto When you play this card, choose up to 1 black Battle Card with an energy cost of 5 or less from your deck and send it to your Warp and shuffle your deck. Then, at the beginning of your next turn, if this card is in play in your Battle Area, add the card that was sent to your Warp by this skill to your hand."

Less than 4 copies for below?
PR Two-Star Ball "Dragon Ball (You can include as many copies of cards with Dragon Ball in your deck as you like, as long as the total number doesn't exceed 7.)
Activate Main Choose up to 1 of your opponent's Battle Cards with an energy cost of 2 or less and KO it."
PR One-Star Ball "Dragon Ball (You can include as many copies of cards with Dragon Ball in your deck as you like, as long as the total number doesn't exceed 7.)
Activate Main If your Leader Card is a 《Shenron》 card, draw 1 card, then choose 1 card from your hand and place it in your Drop Area, and your opponent chooses 1 card from their hand and places it in their Drop Area."